so situations happen all the time. Um, and in some situations, you may
have to take the blame for something you didn't cause. So you have
to ask yourself, should you take that blame for something you didn't
cause? So for me, Um, if I don't want to say I'm taking the blame,
I'm going to take the responsibility and own up. Um, for one of my sailors
who did not, maybe or misunderstood my training or misunderstood,
uh, what I was trying to get them to do. Um, And if someone higher
up than them higher up on the chain, uh, blame them for something,
I would take responsibility for it. And I would just ask, How can
we fix it? Let us fix it and come back and make it right.